[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Have you ever looked
at religious paintings
and wondered what the halo means
or the glow that emanates from
history's great sages?
William Henry says,
in his newest book,
"The Light of Sion,"
that these are not simply
depictions of an elevated
or saintly status,
but are, quite literally,
a garment of light
that the great adepts used
to pass from one dimension
to another.
Their roadway from
one field to another
is what we call wormholes.
An amazing collection of
artwork helps tell the story
and, according to
William, can facilitate
our own internal shift
by simply gazing at them.
It's so nice sitting
with you again.
As always, your energy
just fills up the room
with sparkles and intelligence.
And so what I thought
I'd do is I've already
encouraged everyone that didn't
see the last interview to go
ahead and pick up with that
one, because we're going
to continue on from there.
You've down a lot
of work since then.
And one thing that's
really intriguing me is--
and let's go back
to the wormhole.
We need to go back to Osiris.
Let's go back over
some of that and how
that plays into the time of
Jesus as a star traveler,
into Buddha, and a lot of
the Buddhist traditions,
and the iconography,
and the imagery
we're seeing regarding
this body of light,
and how it all ties together.
So I'm just going to
have you launch on it,
from where we were,
and take it from there.
>> OK.
Well, thank you for having
me on again, Regina.
I really appreciate
that, to begin.
And Scott, of course.
So yeah.
The basis of my work is
that stargates are real.
They were known to the ancients.
They were accessed
and utilized by what
we think of as the gods.
But one thing that I've
kind of keyed in on--
and people always ask me this--
is, is there a stargate device?
I mean people talk
the Black Ops--
they've got a stargate device,
and they're beaming into Mars,
and all of this.
And I said, well,
I've never seen that.
I don't have any direct
evidence of that.
But what I do see
in the ancient world
is an emphasis on
these gateways,
but, most specifically,
whenever you see gateway stories
in the ancient world--
it doesn't matter if
it's Egypt, Iran, Iraq--
anywhere-- you're going to see
stories of transformation that
go along with it.
Because the bottom line
message that the ancients had
is that the stargate
device is us.
Our body is the stargate device.
They weren't looking for any
kind of a machine out here,
they were looking to master this
machine-- the human machine,
the human as E.J.
Gold called it--
the biological
transformational apparatus.
From the soul's
perspective, our body
is the ladder tower
or stairway to heaven.
And so what I've
been focusing on
is, OK, let's find those stories
of transformation of the gods
coming down and
perfecting humankind.
And that's the term
that they used.
It's a very important
word, as you
begin doing this research--
the word perfect.
It means to make whole, to
make holy, to make complete.
And that's part of the
stargate quest, if you will.
If you're going to
access these gateways,
you don't want to go
as less than anything
less than a pure
being because it's
going to be like
walking into a blender.
You're going to get your
feathers ruffled, OK?
>> Yeah.
>> You're going to get
splattered all over the place.
So what we're
talking about here is
the ultimate human
transformation--
taking this body, spinning
it into a vortex of energy,
which they call the rainbow
body, in the Tibetan tradition.
They call it Osiris or the
crossed body, in ancient Egypt.
It's the body of light, the
Resurrection body, the glory
body, in Christianity.
All of these traditions
talk about it.
>> It's in the Maya
tradition, right?
It's in the Mayan
tradition, too.
Exactly.
All these-- we call them
Resurrection teachings.
That sounds like a religious
word, it's really not.
It's all about
preparing yourself
for becoming a stargate
traveling, time traveler.
And these stories are
all over the place.
And there's artwork
that reflects this.
And this what I've been going
about trying to collect--
this artwork-- because
that's primarily
how this teaching
is transmitted.
It's not done
through books, it's
done visually,
through coded artwork.
>> You've done a
beautiful, beautiful job
on your collection.
This latest book--
just gorgeous.
>> Oh, well, thank you.
>> I mean, the texture and
the diversity of the type
of imagery you have to support
this is really exceptional.
>> Well, thank you.
You know, the book is
called "The Secret of Sion,"
the subtitle is, "Jesus'
Stargate, the Beaming Garment
and the Galactic Core
in Ascension Art."
And I tried to link those
three concepts together.
Jesus' stargate-- you'll see
this gateway in, especially,
transfiguration
artwork of Jesus, where
he takes the disciples up
to the top of the mountain
and reveals himself
as a being of light.
He morphs.
The Greek word is metamorphosis.
He affects this transformation
and reveals his true self,
which is a light being.
>> Let me ask you a
question at this point--
now what is it, in all of
this that you've discovered,
that takes us beyond
something that's
religious and metaphorical
into something real?
>> Well, I mean, one, just the
sheer volume of these accounts
tells me that it's a real
experience, plus, I mean,
it's been duplicated
in modern times,
according to the Tibetans, where
people do achieve the rainbow
body in modern times.
It's an actual experience.
>> So I assume the fact that
these incidents have been
recorded over vast
stretches of time,
throughout the
cultures of the world?
>> Yeah.
>> Because a lot of
people think, oh,
it's just metaphorical.
It's just--
>> No.
>> No, it's not.
And it's a highly
energetic thing as well.
I mean, I use the term
the beaming garment
because that's the term
they use in ancient Iran.
I mean, the idea is that when
they put on this light body
garment, they literally beam.
They radiate light,
they glow rays.
That's the meaning of
the word to be glorious.
When God "comes in
glory" he's glowing rays.
Usually, rainbow colored
rays in the artwork
because he's in
his rainbow body.
And this energy
is transmittable.
It goes from person to person,
generation to generation.
It goes vertically through time,
and then across generations,
and across cultures.
And you see it all
over the place.
And that, again, assures me that
it's real and that any of us
can reach that frequency as
well, because, again, it's
a transmittable phenomenon.
I mean, the classic story of
this transmission is Elijah.
He's going to ascend into
the heavens in a whirlwind.
He's going to
enter heaven alive.
He didn't have to die first.
He's entering heaven alive.
>> Yes.
>> And it's described as
ascending into the heavens
in a whirlwind, which is
suggest some kind of a vortex,
maybe a portal.
And as Elijah's ascending, he
turns to his priest, Elisha,
and transmits to him his holy
garment called his pallium.
And now Elisha takes over
this line of transmission.
Well, the idea is then that
Elijah then reincarnates
as John the Baptist.
And what do you see
in baptism scenes?
You see John the
Baptist baptizing
Jesus in the River
Jordan, which, I think,
is actually the Milky Way.
He's initiating him in some
kind of cosmic teaching
about the Milky Way.
I suggest that because
the root of the word
Jordan comes from the Babylonian
word [? Eridanu ?] which
means river of life--
dot, dot, dot-- the Milky Way.
So he's initiating something
about the Milky Way, probably
some cosmic energy.
And you see an angel that's
waiting there, in these baptism
scenes, to give Jesus
his beaming garment.
And then Jesus fully manifests
this at the transfiguration.
So we're showing that this is an
energetic thing, to begin with,
and that it's transmittable.
>> Before we go
further into that,
what is the resistance
in modern human beings?
When we see this ancient,
medieval, Renaissance artwork
that has these depictions--
right down to depictions
of what look like UFO
beaming down onto Mary--
>> Right.
>> Why do we automatically
assume that this is
the imaginings of savages?
>> Well, I think part of it--
I mean, when I show people
the transfiguration scenes,
I say, this is within you.
This is what we're
supposed to be doing.
But the problem is we're like
the caterpillars looking up
at the butterfly, saying,
you'll never get me up
in one of those things.
>> Yeah.
>> There's a gap.
A big gap.
>> It's called belief,
it's called fear.
And that's what
this time is about--
breaking down that fear
and closing that gap.
And it's just cultural
programming, basically.
I mean, we all grow up--
at least in Western
civilization--
with self-esteem problems,
self-confidence problems.
And to say that you can
become a Christ-like being
sounds utterly
ridiculous to people.
How dare you who?
Who do you think you are?
>> Who do you think you are?
>> Right.
>> At the same time, we're all
getting more comfortable with
the notion that there is
something of a cosmic alignment
that is lining up here.
>> Yes.
>> That we are
looking at the sun--
our sun-- and our galaxy moving
toward the galactic center.
>> Right.
>> And so even from
NASA's point of view,
you've got some energy
pulsing out of this center.
>> Yes.
>> You know, you take that with
the overlay that if you're open
to this--
I think a lot of people watching
are already well open to this.
>> Sure.
>> We are
multi-dimensional beings,
even if we don't quite
grok what that means.
>> Right.
>> How could we not be going
through something like this?
>> Right.
And so part of
what we have to do
is to take our identification
off the caterpillar
and begin to put it
on the butterfly.
And that's where the artwork
comes in because it gives us
a focus, it gives us a target.
And according to the
creators of this artwork,
they created it
with the intention
that it would transmit to
you this holy vibration.
>> Yes.
>> So if you're looking
at a transfiguration icon,
it's not just a pretty picture.
According to the intention of
the artist that created it,
they believed that
you could mirror
the energy that's
being experienced
by Jesus at that moment--
mentally, physically,
spiritually and emotionally.
And this is how they
transmitted this teaching.
It was through the artwork.
There was nothing
written about it.
And they would have
expressions like,
enter through the image and
the image itself will show you
the way.
And this is why a
lot of this artwork
has been coveted, by the way,
because all of these artists--
I mean, one very good
example is John van Eyck.
When he introduced his
paintings, especially
the "Mystic Lamb"
painting, it was sort of,
during the Renaissance, it was
"The Beatles on Ed Sullivan"
moment.
>> Yeah.
>> I mean, Tom Petty said, hey,
when The Beatles played on Ed
Sullivan, they showed
us not only what to do,
but how to do it.
>> Right.
>> And that's the effect that
van Eyck had on Leonardo,
on Botticelli, on Fra
Angelico and others.
It was like, wait a minute,
this art that we're creating
is not just art, it
transmits this vibration.
And that's what makes
it so powerful, and why,
down through the ages,
it has been so popular,
and been just
enormously admired.
>> Can you talk a
little bit about that?
And we'll go back into
Jesus as the star traveler
because this has such a huge
impact on such a large portion
of the planet.
Very difficult to see
it that way, right?
>> Right.
>> But let's look it down--
as you say, Sandro
Botticelli and also da Vinci.
Let's talk about some of the
reflections of that influence
on them, in their art.
>> Right.
Well, you have to bear in mind
that the de' Medici family,
during the Renaissance, had
spent, in today's dollars,
$50 million looking for
the Corpus Hermeticum,
looking for the chemical
secrets of the ancients.
And they found it.
And they began the process of
translating it and westernizing
it.
Then they would go to a master
artist, like Botticelli,
and say, OK, you're
the guy that's
going to encode this for us
and carry it through the ages.
And so there's a really
wonderful example of this.
It's his "Pallas and
the Centaur" painting,
where he shows Pallas Athena
in this transparent gown.
She has diamonds on her nipples.
A diamond crown on.
And she's in her transparent,
light body-- her ascension
body.
And to look at it
on one level, you
say, oh, wow, that's a beautiful
woman in a beautiful setting.
But then, once you
have the eyes to see
and you know what
they were trying
to encode in the painting,
it suddenly comes alive.
And you're realizing,
hey, wait a minute,
they're talking about putting
on the light garment here.
And that's the key secret.
It's always about
this beaming garment.
That's what, again, the
Iranian term for it.
They call it the robe of
glory, the shining garment,
the robe of light,
the robe of sanctity.
There's all kinds
of terms for it.
And it may be an actual garment,
but probably, more than likely,
it's an energy.
It's a vibration.
Because it symbolized
a Greek word, which
is the word "exousia,"
which means the power,
sovereignty,
capability, liberty.
And so when you have
this light body garment,
you are a fully sovereign being.
And that's the objective here--
to achieve this level of
sovereignty, this level
of awakened consciousness.
>> Is it possible that that
light garment you're speaking--
because you're talking about
energetic components here--
is simply the expanded
and refined human aura?
>> Yeah.
And it does encompass the aura,
but it even goes beyond that.
I mean, they talk about it
manifesting as, literally,
a body of light, called
the rainbow body.
And that's really the key.
>> So it's like an extension--
a much more powerful,
visceral extension beyond that.
>> Yes.
Exactly.
>> And so as we go back into
the story of Jesus as a stargate
traveler and then into
the story of wormholes--
essentially portals
or stargates.
And we're hearing
about this a lot.
I mean, there's an
interesting being
who's kind come on to the radar
in recent times, an entity that
brings through a
lot of information.
And the being's name is Ion.
And I just found about
him a couple months ago.
It's a hoot to listen to--
interesting information from
someone who sounds like you'd
find him down at the barbecue,
somewhere in Tennessee.
And he's just very down home.
But he talks a lot about
stargates and saying,
what's the problem?
Human beings can do this.
They're all over the place.
Now let's talk about
your understanding
about where are they,
other examples, and then
leading into the story
of Jesus, of interface
with these, and even
ordinary people, right
into military Black Ops.
>> Right.
Well, I define a
stargate on three levels.
One, it's the connection
from the heart
of one sun to the heart of
another sun, or star, or star
system.
Secondly, it's a place on
earth-- an energetic place--
where the energy of a star or
star system rings in the soil--
the Temple of Hathor
at Dendera comes
to mind, which was built for an
alignment with the star Sirius.
So that, literally, during the
dog days, the energy of Sirius
just comes right into the front
door of that temple, right
into the Hypostyle Hall,
and then into the sanctuary.
And then Isis
manifests through that.
And so the Great Pyramid is
another good example of that.
Then a third layer of
definition of stargate
is, literally, a
transportation portal,
where you can go,
enter a place on Earth,
and travel to other places
on the planet or other star
systems.
So those are the three
levels of definition
that I use for a stargate.
>> Also, I read that one of the
star gates was in the area--
the ancient city of
Ur in Iran, which
has been cordoned off as now
a US military installation.
>> Right.
>> A very ancient city.
>> Yeah.
>> I don't know if you've
heard that as well,
but I had heard that that
is an ancient stargate,
which I found interesting,
considering the military Black
Ops aspect of this.
>> Right.
Exactly.
I mean, they do seem
to have a desire
to control some of these areas.
And whether or not
it's because there's
an actual, ancient
stargate device,
I can't say that for sure.
>> What do you hear?
I mean, what's the rumor
you hear from that world,
in terms of stargates?
Because you hear from a
lot of different people.
>> You know, I really try to
avoid that story, actually.
And the reason why is because
it takes it off of us.
It's, oh, well, the Black Ops
guys, they've got this stuff,
you can't have it.
>> And they can hoard it.
>> Yeah, that's right.
>> And if you're following
that, you're not looking within
yourself to develop yourself
in your own capability.
Because it's within you.
And so I think anybody that's
talking about Black Ops guys
with stargates,
that's disinformation.
That's taking you
off the real path
of your own, personal ascension
and what's capable within you.
>> That's a very good point.
>> And so that's kind of
just where I draw the line.
Because, again, what I've
seen in the ancient world
is the only way you're getting
through one of these gates
is as a being of pure
light and pure love.
And I just don't see the US
military or these Black Ops
people being in that business.
>> Yeah.
And nobody really has come
out with anything tangible out
of it anyway.
It's all rumor.
It's always rumor.
>> It's all rumor.
It's all stories.
Right.
>> And yet, you have been
in a situation or two where
you've been maybe only one
degree of separation from these
things actually happening.
Can you talk about some of that?
What does this look like from
a very humanistic perspective?
>> What the stargates look like?
>> No.
What it looks like--
this rainbow body,
this transcending
beyond physical death
without dying, so to speak.
>> Well, I can just
point you to the artwork,
especially the
Tibetan tradition.
And what I've done is say, OK, I
started with this understanding
that the Tibetans believe
that the human body can be
spun into a vortex of energy.
You can accelerate the
vibration of the body
until it manifests, ultimately,
as five colored rainbow
light-- what they
call the rainbow body.
The body dissolves,
leaving behind
only hair, toe, and
finger nails, which have
no nerves to be transmuted.
I mean, think about that--
this incredibly powerful
teaching that the Tibetans
have brought forward about
what our body really is.
It's meant to be spun into
this vortex of energy.
By the way, the Tibetans
teach that this is also
taught in 13 star systems,
including our own.
This teaching did not
originate on earth.
It came from the stars.
They don't name the star
systems, but we can bet it
involved Sirius,
Orion, the Pleiades.
That's a very good place
to start, right there.
>> I mean, that's really a lot
of the deep history of Tibetan
Buddhism, right?
>> Exactly.
Yeah.
This is what it's all about.
And they teach--
>> I mean, they talk
about the star people.
They have artifacts that were
given to them by star people.
>> And they, furthermore,
tell you that the only way
you're getting off this rock is
to achieve this rainbow body,
the Resurrection body, the
glory body, the light body.
But what I've done is
say, well, OK, here's
the Tibetan example of it, well,
then let's just come over here
to the Christian example.
Why is it, when Jesus is
shown in his resurrected form,
in his glory body, he's
always got rainbows around him
or he's sitting on a rainbow?
Well, it's because I believe
he's achieved the rainbow body.
And then you loop
through to ancient Egypt.
And you look at Osiris and his
tight fitting, white shroud
called his crossed body.
He's got all this energetic
stuff going on up here.
And guess what?
It matches the way the
Tibetans show the rainbow body.
So they call it
different things,
but they're all talking
about the same thing.
They're talking about beings
who have come to this planet,
and given us this teaching,
and have tried to nurture it,
and to get it to be
kind of the accepted
reality on this planet.
This is why we're here--
to ultimately learn to ascend.
>> So let's talk about
how you see that.
After having
examined all of this,
when you're looking
at-- you're looking
at beings, who, as I'm
understanding your work,
have come through from
another dimensional field
into this one at critical
periods of history
to help us realign
with some higher truths
for our own benefit in our
own journey back, right?
>> Exactly.
>> Is that, more or less--
>> That's it.
I mean, that's it.
At least from the
perspective of the research
I did for "The Secret of
Sion," it almost appears
to be a rescue mission.
>> Yes.
>> I mean, they're
not here for gold.
>> No.
They're not here for gold.
>> They're not
here for gold, OK?
They're here for souls.
They're here to help souls leave
this plane, this dimension.
And the way we do it
is through our body--
by being in a body, and
being able to access
the capability of the body to
spin itself into this vortex,
and to open wormholes.
>> So now let's talk about it
on a little more personal level.
You've spent many years
studying all of this.
You have a particular
kind of vibrancy about you
that most people recognize
when they see you.
>> Oh, well thank you.
>> You do.
And people comment
on it, you know?
And you're well
respected in this field.
So I have to wonder,
have you, personally,
been integrating
this information?
What do you feel has been
driving you all this time?
And then, what kind
of practice, if you
want to call it a
practice, are you
doing that is starting to
match into this energy?
>> Well, I work with
this artwork every day.
I'm staring at it constantly.
I have it on my phone.
I have it on my computer.
I have it all over my home.
Why?
Because that's what they tell
you you're supposed to do
is meditate on this artwork.
It literally is a meditation.
It's open eye
visualization or open eye
meditation with the energy
kind of flowing through it.
And so I believe if I'm spending
hours every day interacting
with this artwork,
and I'm teaching it,
and I'm talking to
people about it,
it has to have an effect on me.
That would be common sense.
And all I can report is,
anecdotally, people tell me--
the sensitive types,
who "can see"-- say,
hey, we really see this energy
starting to come through you.
And that makes me feel
great because it tells me,
hey, what these ancient people
were teaching is actually--
it's true.
And anybody can experience this.
>> And people have
been fairly willing--
I mean, people that have been
exploring eastern traditions,
in particular have been
fairly willing to explore
the same notion with
mandalas, for example.
>> Sure.
Absolutely.
>> So essentially, you're
saying that this art that these
visionary artists brought
through is the same
as a mandala.
>> That's what it is.
It's fully encoded
with the instructions.
The images themselves
will show you the way.
And it starts to imprint
on your energy field.
And, at some point,
you become it.
You just sort of reach,
maybe, a saturation point.
And that's what I'm
trying to develop is--
staring at artwork is
one thing, but what else
can you do, in addition?
And it's really pretty simple.
It's just try to be aligned
with truth as much as possible.
Speak truth, speak your truth.
That's the whole key.
I mean, because,
again, it all goes back
to the ancient Egyptian
concept of the judgment day,
when your heart is weighed
against the feather.
>> Yes.
All they wanted to know how
is, how light hearted are you?
Are you a pure person?
This is what it's all about.
And again, this is the
only way you're going
to get through that gateway.
>> And this is a
really big point.
So many people, including a lot
of people watching this right
now, are trying so hard to
analyze, and figure it out,
and tiptoe through the
deceptions of the past
that it becomes a journey that's
really not very light hearted.
People become
depressed, overwhelmed,
they become very
heavy, and fearful.
I mean, unfortunately, when
you open the Pandora's box,
it seems like that's sort of
the first road people go down.
>> It's like an
initiation, isn't it?
>> It is like an initiation.
Can you talk about that from the
standpoint of people you know,
and yourself, and moving
through that journey?
And give people some
reference points.
>> Yeah.
Well, the key is, you
have to trust yourself
through the whole process.
And part of what I
think helps people--
I mean, it gets back
to that gap thing.
You're here, all that good
stuff you want is over here,
but there's no bridge, there's
no rope, there's no ladder,
there's no apparent way
to get across there.
It's that old, Indiana
Jones moment, right?
Remember in "The Last Crusade,"
Indiana and his father,
Sean Connery, are racing the
Nazis for the holy grail.
>> Yes.
>> And they get to that temple,
and the Nazis shoot Sean
Connery, and say,
Indiana, you want to save
your father's life?
Go get the holy grail.
So he goes through
several trials
until he comes to
that place where
he's on one side of
the gap or precipice
and the holy grail is
hidden in a cave over here.
And Indiana gets
there and he realizes
that he can't use his
whip, he can't use his gun,
he can't beat somebody
up, or steal something--
all the usual ways
he used to get
what he wanted in those movies.
And what he realizes is he's
got to get out of his head
because his head can't find
a way to get across there.
And he's got to
go into his heart.
Actually, he's got to unite
the heart and the mind.
And this is what causes him
to take that first step.
But what Indiana had at that
moment is what a lot of people
really need a lot
more of these days--
and that's motivation.
>> Yes.
>> Indiana was literally in
a life and death situation.
He could have sat there and
thought, you know, the old man,
he's had a good life.
He had a good run.
He was just with that
beautiful Nazi woman
that I was with, too.
Still not sure about that one.
And I think I'll just let him
take his chances with the Nazis
and I'll do what I can.
But he doesn't do that.
He gets motivated
not by the gap,
he gets motivated by what's
on the other side of the gap--
getting the holy grail and
saving his father's life.
And that's what motivated
him to take that step.
And that's kind of what we need.
Is we've got that--
>> But that's what's
motivating you.
>> Yeah.
It's like, what's on the
other side of the gap?
Oh, well, OK, life in
eternity as a star being
traveling all these
stargates that
link all these star systems.
I mean, it sounds like, wow,
really totally woo, woo.
But this is what the
ancient Egyptians
were teaching, this is what
the Sumerians were about,
this is what the
Tibetans are about.
And esoteric Christianity
says the same thing.
That's the real world.
This is the Hollywood movie
set that we're in, here.
And we're all the
players and we're
trying to work our
way out of this story.
>> And we've been playing
very limited roles,
with limited understanding,
with blinders on, so to speak.
>> Yeah.
And it's not all our
fault. I mean, part of it
is it's a cosmic time clock.
As our sun and
solar system makes
the orbit of the
galactic center,
we go through these periods
of light and darkness.
Well, fortunately, we're
entering a period of light here
and that's why we're starting
to shine in this way.
>> In your presentation-- and
I mentioned it at the beginning
of this interview--
there is a powerful
energy emanating.
And the colors of
the NASA imagery
of the energies
that are emanating
from the galactic center,
these are the most--
at least within the
visible spectrum--
and we have to understand there
are dimensions of color beyond
from what our little
eyes can pick up--
they're the most
sublime colors that
take us into the ultimate
areas of ourselves.
>> You're talking the
purples, pinks, and fuchsias.
>> Violets.
>> Yeah.
I know.
The violets.
I'm blown away by that, what
a simple observation that.
>> It's not like an
icky, grey, pea green.
>> Exactly.
Right.
>> In which case, I
don't want to go there.
Here's the center of our galaxy.
Look, it's
spectacularly beautiful.
>> And we're moving into that.
>> Yeah.
We're aligning with it.
>> We're aligning with that.
>> Right.
It used to be--
as we know, we thought the sun
was the center of the universe.
Or at least the church
wanted us to believe that.
And then we refute
that and now we're
starting to orient
ourselves towards the center
of the galaxy.
And that's a
profound shift for us
because, to me, it
represents a huge expansion
in our consciousness.
As we start to align with
that galactic center,
then we can start harmonizing
with the energies coming
from that place as well.
>> So let's talk
about you, personally.
You've been looking at these
iconic works for a long time
now.
And most of them that you
look at and interface with
are in your book, I take it?
>> Yes.
"The Secret of
Sion," to me, is kind
of a portfolio of all of it.
>> That's kind of the
catalogue of all of it.
Yeah.
>> It's taken years
to collect those,
to go take the pictures myself,
or find them in the museums,
or whatever.
It's the best of the best
of this ascension art
that I've been able to find.
>> And so what have you
felt within your own being?
Before we get onto
some of those pieces,
what if you felt within your
own being in this journey?
How long have you
been doing this?
And what are you feeling?
>> Well, I mean, I started
my research quest in 1982,
I started publishing in 1996,
and then really began working
with the ascension and
transfiguration artwork
and icons about five years ago.
And I definitely notice
a lightening of my energy
and just my kind of
sense of humor, really.
>> That's what I
noticed about you, too.
Because we're at
a conference here,
right now, at The
Conscious Life Expo,
but you're going to be on
an Ancient Aliens panel,
there's going to be a lot
of fearful stuff thrown
in there by various
people, but you always
bring through everything in a
very sane and lighthearted way.
>> Yeah.
>> And you feel different
than a lot of the speakers.
>> Oh, well, thank you.
>> I mean, there are some other
beautiful beings here, too.
Gregg Braden's here.
>> Oh, of course.
Yeah.
Absolutely.
But do you know what I'm saying?
So it's what I'm saying
is what you say is very
evident in being around you.
And so this lightness
of being is--
and this is really,
to me, critical--
if you can find that
lightening of being inside,
it, essentially, takes all
that incredible constriction
that is happening in
the physical body,
and in our electrical field,
even out into the auric field,
it starts freeing
it, doesn't it?
>> Yeah, it does.
It does.
And it, obviously, I mean,
makes you more compassionate.
Part of the stargate metaphysics
is that, automatically, you're
feeling more connected with
everybody that you encounter.
I mean, that's a huge aspect
of this-- the oneness.
We're all in the
one ring together.
>> And you're experiencing
that, personally,
as you go through this journey?
>> Definitely.
Because I know I've got help.
I know there are these
immaterial light beings that
are there, assisting,
cheering, routing.
>> For every person
on this planet.
>> For everybody on the planet.
Exactly.
And I know, beyond a shadow
of a doubt, that they're real.
And so to be able to share
that message for people,
just really is what drives me.
>> Has this opened up your
vision to where you can see
somewhat into these other
dimensions now a bit?
>> No.
I've never been a seer
or anything like that.
>> Yeah.
Some people are
feelers, knowers.
A lot of people are
knowers, who just know.
>> Right.
Exactly.
I think I'm probably more in
the knower sort of category.
>> Yeah.
So it's opened up your knowing.
>> Definitely.
And it's opened
up my heart, too.
>> Your sense of truth.
You know truth when
you experience it,
when you encounter it.
>> Exactly.
>> So going back into
some of the imagery--
gosh, I have the book.
It's right out of--
well, we could stop the
camera and I could go get it,
but let's go for
my memory first.
The Magi.
You spent some time
talking about that
and the star that guided them.
>> Yeah.
>> And I would love it if you'd
share that with everybody.
>> Yeah.
The story, "The
Revelation of the Magi"
was kind of the real power
pack that prompted me
to write "The Secret of Sion."
I got an email from a trusted
friend a couple of years ago
and she said, go get a copy of
"The Revelation of the Magi."
It'll be important
to your future work.
So I went and got the book.
It was by Dr. Brett Landau.
He was a Harvard
PhD candidate, who
had heard about
this sixth century,
gnostic text called "The
Revelation of the Magi"
that had never been translated
into English before.
And he though, there you go.
There's my PhD dissertation.
And so he went over
to the Vatican,
he went into the proverbial
basement of the Vatican,
dug out this Syrian text,
and translated into English.
And basically, it
said three things.
It's about the Magi
looking for the Christ
child, which is, we all know,
the story of the three Magi.
>> I heard it in Sunday school.
>> Right.
From Sunday school.
Exactly.
But in this version of it, the
Magi are not following a star,
they're following a star
child or a star being,
who they identify as Jesus.
Jesus manifest before
them in a gateway.
What kind of a gateway does
a star child manifest through
but a stargate?
And he identifies himself
as a time traveler,
saying, hey, what
makes you think this is
the first time I've been here?
I've been here many times in the
past, many times in the future.
And that book, to me, was
an absolute validation
of what I concluded
about the story of Jesus
for a long time-- that he
was a stargate traveling
time traveler.
And that's the message
that has been lost.
>> And that was a clear
message from that.
>> Yeah.
I mean, it's written
in black and white
that this is what we're
dealing with here.
And then on top of it, they talk
about this hallucinogenic star
food that the star
child brings as well.
But that's a whole
other dimension of it.
>> Yeah.
Can you talk about
that a little bit?
>> Yeah.
I mean, the Magi go
back to their home,
which they call Shir, in
"The Revelation of the Magi."
And it's identified
as an easternmost land
at the edge of the world.
So we're talking about
some kind of liminal place
here, maybe another
dimensional world or something,
that they're saying these
guys are crossing over from.
And when the star
child manifests,
he offers to them
this star food.
And so the Magi go
back to their home.
And other people are able to
have visions of the Christ
child, the star child, after
they eat the star food, which
sounds like something way
beyond the monatomic gold
or the manna.
>> I know.
I was wondering if it
was monatomic gold.
It's something beyond this?
>> I think it's
something beyond that?
I think we're talking
about some kind
of hallucinogenic
substance that they're
using to produce these
visions and maybe even open
these gateways.
>> Yeah.
It allowed people to
tap into that field,
that dimensional field.
>> Right.
So I just started pulling on
the string of "The Revelation
of the Magi" and it
started to really pull
a whole lot together.
And so especially
what it revealed
is that the Magi believed that
they were children of Seth.
Now again, Sunday school--
we know about Adam and Eve,
we know about Cain and Abel, we
don't hear so much about Seth.
>> We don't hear Seth.
>> Yeah.
Who's Seth?
Well, it turns out
Seth is the one that
got all of the Enlightenment
teachings from Adam and Eve.
But what are those
teachings about?
Well, in the story, Adam
and Eve were evicted
from the Garden of Eden.
Yahweh, the Old Testament
god, creates a gate
at the east of Eden, puts
a flashing, revolving sword
in the center of that gate, and
puts cherubim on either side,
and forbids humankind to
return through that gate.
A second thing that Yahweh did
that most people forget about
is he made coats of
skin for Adam and Eve.
Coats of skin--
what do you mean?
Like buck skin or cow skin?
No.
In the esoteric
Judeo-Christian tradition,
he's talking about
coats of human skin.
And then the question
arises, well,
if they didn't have
coats of skin on them
when they were in
the Garden of Eden,
then form exactly
were Adam and Eve in?
Well, the answer provided by
the esoteric Judeo-Christian
tradition is they
were beings of light.
There were light beings.
And it was Seth who received
all of the light being teachings
from Adam and Eve.
And it's through the line of
Seth that the secrets of this
radiant garment of light--
our true light body--
was transmitted.
And when you follow
that line, you
follow figures like Enoch,
and Noah, and others.
And then ultimately,
they literally
believe that Jesus was
another incarnation of Seth.
>> So we're talking about
inter-dimensional beings.
>> Yes.
>> It's ETs.
>> No.
>> Jesus is an ET.
We've seen that bumper
sticker a lot and so forth.
>> Right.
>> But in reality, you're
talking about from another--
I don't like saying
higher or lower.
There's no good,
bad, high, or low.
It's just another
dimensional field--
>> Another realm.
>> That has a certain amount
of knowledge that we can value.
>> Right.
And the tip off for that--
in the Jesus story, anyway--
is the number of times
that the heavens opened.
The heavens opened at
the baptism of Jesus,
the heavens opened at the
crucifixion, the heavens opened
at the Resurrection.
And what do you mean
the heavens open?
I mean, when he appeared to
Paul on the road to Damascus,
Paul described, suddenly,
everything's flashing around me
and then here's
this light being.
"The Secret Book of John"
describes a similar type
experience.
John is out in
middle of the desert.
He says, the heavens
open, and here's
this light being in front
of me, and it's Jesus.
Well, today, we don't talk
about the heavens opening,
we talk about stargates,
and wormholes,
and ripping holes in the
fabric of space time,
traveling inner dimensionally.
And when looked at it
from that perspective,
it's crystal clear
that we're dealing
with inter-dimensional beings
here, who flash, appear, flash,
they disappear.
They can materialize
in human form.
They can eat, they
can make love,
they can do all kinds
of things, then flash--
they're out of here again.
>> I'll tell you what-- the
trippiest experience I've ever
had in my entire life was in the
cave that John the Baptist is
said to have done a lot of his
journey work in, at Ein Karem.
>> Oh my gosh.
>> Outside of Jerusalem.
>> Wow.
>> You wander through the hills.
You can see, that was quite a
journey on a donkey or on foot,
down into Jerusalem.
But you talk about a cast of--
because I do see
things, you know?
Not crazy.
>> Right.
>> And what a show of characters
that show up in that cave.
And if I had that
experience-- many people
are having that experience.
And it was fascinating in the
historical perspective of it
as well.
So that gave me a little
extra credibility to John
the Baptist's wanderings in the
desert and his hallucinations
because I was not on anything,
and I was not hallucinating
when I was in that
cave, and it was showing
a cast of Egyptian characters.
All kinds of characters
were showing up in there.
>> Wow.
No kidding.
>> Yeah.
Absolutely.
>> Wonderful.
So
>> But again, these are
inter-dimensional beings.
>> Yeah.
>> Even there, in my experience,
those were inter-dimensional
beings.
>> Yeah.
>> And so when we're looking at
this whole subject of interface
with inter-dimensional beings,
where's the crossover point
that we start understanding
we, ourselves,
are multidimensional beings?
Where does that
interface with it?
>> Yeah.
That's the good question.
I don't know.
I mean, it's just,
at some point,
it gets back to the gap,
where you're saying,
OK, this is who I truly am,
and I have a higher self that's
guiding me on this
path, and I just
have to trust that this is--
>> We already know that
other part can do miracles.
>> Right.
>> They're reported
in the news even.
>> Yeah.
Exactly.
>> We know that the human
being is capable of miracles,
so one would have to say,
these aren't actually miracles,
these are just what we're
capable of, but, normally,
under more extreme
pressured situations.
>> I mean, it's a
simplistic metaphor,
but getting back to
the caterpillar--
we're all identifying
ourselves as the caterpillars
and we've got to put our
emphasis on our butterfly
selves.
And that's what I'm
trying to flesh out.
What is a fully
functioning human being?
manifested human being?
Well, it's a light being.
It's an inter-dimensional
time traveler.
>> And yet all
this is happening.
It's almost like we have
a polarization of belief
right now.
Because all of this--
there are people
attracted to your work
and attracted to these messages
that things are changing
and it's a good thing.
>> Yeah.
>> For every person that's in
that mind, we have one, or two,
or three, or 10 people that
have gone down the rabbit hole
of fear, of Armageddon.
>> I know.
>> Revelations, 2012.
>> Right.
Exactly.
And the new one--
I call it the
ascension deception.
I mean, there are those
that are out there saying,
hey, if you're following
the love and light path
and the path of
ascension, guess what?
That's a trap.
These are some negative
ETs that have come in here
and put this teaching here.
And if you follow that path,
they're going to get you.
And it's like, I
just can't go there.
I mean, I can't see it.
I know that there's a lot of
dysfunction among "the gods."
>> Yeah.
Same as here.
>> Same as here.
>> It's throughout the cosmos.
>> Right.
But I still think that,
clearly, the love and light
path is the one to follow.
>> And again, the only way
you can go there or you can
identify it really has to be
through our finer feelings.
>> Yeah.
>> And that's what you've been
really refining in yourself,
is your ability to--
and I've been working on the
same thing, for many years--
feel your way into
what is truth.
>> Yes.
>> It's certainly truth for
you, at that moment in time.
>> Right.
And also, I mean,
we are antennas
and we want to put ourselves
in the clearest place
to receive these
higher energies coming
from the center of the galaxy,
which is a huge part of it.
And so that's why the
clarity becomes so important.
And I call it the truth ray.
We see it all the time.
I mean, we seem to be living
in a time-- or, at least,
I believe we're living
in a time that--
it's uncomfortable for some
people to think about this--
but if you've got secrets,
this is the time when they're
going to be coming up and out.
>> Yeah.
Oops.
>> This is Revelations.
>> This is it.
It's a time purification.
And that gets
uncomfortable, Joe Paterno.
>> Exactly.
>> I mean, that's a good
example of a recent person.
>> He had to check
out right after that.
It was too much for his being.
>> It was too much.
Don't
>> He died right after.
>> I know.
Very, very sad,
but an example of--
>> He couldn't hold the
negativity and the deception
in any longer.
It killed him.
>> Right.
Yeah.
Exactly.
>> Yeah.
So now you have these beautiful
images that you look at.
And let me ask you, what
are a few of your favorites
that are in the
book, that you feel
are some of the most powerful?
And also, besides
the book, which
has nice sized versions
of it, are there
any kind of museum posters
and such that people
can get their hands on?
Do you know what I mean?
No.
>> Yeah.
It's tough.
>> So use the book.
>> Use the book.
>> I mean, they
can use the book.
It's a lot cheaper, too.
>> I mean, the
book's full color.
>> Yeah.
It's beautiful.
>> You can get a couple
of copies and cut them up.
That's what people do.
I mean, they are almost
suitable for framing.
>> Yeah.
They are.
>> I encourage that.
I have digital versions
of it available, too,
that you can take to FedEx.
>> Yeah.
FedEx.
>> And print them out.
But part of the
challenge of our time--
we're living in such an
image sensitive world--
is, how do these museums
control this stuff?
I'm trying to get one out of the
J.P. Morgan museum in New York
right now.
It's like pulling teeth.
I mean, it's unreal.
>> Just to license it?
>> Just to license it.
Yeah.
To share it.
>> To share it.
>> Exactly.
>> Which one is it, in
case anyone's near there?
Oh, no.
Don't tell us.
We'll let you go through your
thing and then let us know.
>> And so this is
what I go through.
I mean, you got to
negotiate with the museums,
you got to license it, or
you've got to get there
and you take the
picture yourself.
So this is part of
the service that I
feel like I'm providing by
doing this-- it's finding it,
and here it is, and then
putting it into a format
that people can use.
And like I say, if you get
the e-book version of it,
you can cut, and paste,
and put it on your--
>> Screen saver.
>> On your screen saver.
You can put it on your phone.
All of those kinds of things.
>> Oh, very cool.
That's a great way to use it.
So what are, say, the top
three that people feed back
to you that they're having
a lot of experiences with?
>> Well, especially any of
the transfiguration images
of Jesus.
These are the ones where he's
up on the top of the mountain
in the bright white
garment of white
with the open
gateway behind him.
Those are really special ones.
Also, I, personally, love the
Tibetan rainbow body images.
And I've got several
of those in the book
and then also on my
website, williamhenry.net.
You can just get
lost in these images.
I mean, you really
see this swirling,
the vortex of the rainbow body.
And it just does-- it
just beams energy to you
every time you look at them.
So those are really
the key ones.
What people tell me, though,
is that a lot of people
grew up in the church,
and they see this artwork,
and they're taught to be afraid
of it, and this sort of thing,
and what they tell me is
that I've kind of given it
back to them in a
much lighter format,
where now they can
actually access it.
And now they start
studying it themselves.
And that makes it
really exciting.
>> Are there a lot of
people that were not raised
in the Judeo-Christian
system, religions?
And they're still
comfortable with it?
>> Oh, sure.
Yeah.
Absolutely.
>> This is going out on
a purely energetic level,
so it's not like it requires
any previous belief systems.
>> No, it doesn't it.
No.
I mean, the energy is very pure.
That's what I found.
Because the artists would go
into deep states of meditation.
>> Yes.
It's obvious.
>> Set the intention before
they would create this.
And it was meant, really,
to be a fast track
light to this divine energy.
>> Besides what you just said
a minute ago about the various
traps people are falling
into, we're at a conference
and there's every kind
of speaker under the sun.
>> Right.
>> Half of it's on 2012
and the coming changes.
Any kind of thoughts around
that that you'd like to share?
>> Well, I mean, I still
hold high hopes for 2012.
Now that it's here, it's
kind of semi anti-climactic.
>> That's a good thing.
As we've entered into it, it's
like, OK, so now we're here,
now what?
>> Yeah.
But you're feeling
the intensification
of the energies?
>> Oh, without a doubt.
>> Big time.
>> Yeah.
Without a doubt.
>> And even in the work
of John Major Jenkins,
he's saying this period of time,
even according to the Mayans,
wasn't on the eve of
December 21st, 2012,
this is over decades leading up
to and a few years following.
>> Yeah.
What I've been doing and
what I've always done,
in regards to 2012, is just
study the symbolism of it.
And you have the
cosmic alignment,
the galactic alignment, which
they call the sacred tree
or the cosmic cross--
the tree of life.
Then they talk about an opening
in the center of the galaxy,
out of which a serpent rope
emerges with Quetzalcoatl,
the Mayan savior,
riding upon this.
And John Jenkins first
suggested that that
could, in fact, be a wormhole.
But when he said that, back in--
gosh, I've been
talking with John
about this since 2001, 2002.
10 years.
I can't believe it.
The idea of the
stargate and wormhole
really wasn't all over the
place, like it is today.
And I see that as an important
manifestation of the whole 2012
phenomenon, that, yes,
this is the next step.
And we're seeing
it in commercials.
I've been putting
this on my v-blog.
Any time Verizon puts
out a new commercial,
they've got the six arm
goddess with the phone,
with the stargate behind her.
>> Yeah.
>> Friskies cat food.
Now they've got
Puss in Boots comes,
he opens up the
rainbow ring, the cat
goes into the other dimensional
world, has the Friskies,
and then comes back
through the rainbow ring.
It's like, there
it is, right there.
>> We should be getting
comfortable with the notions
of wormholes, stargates,
and other dimensions by now.
>> Exactly.
I mean, it's in our commercial.
>> And time traveling.
>> Yeah.
It's in the movies, TVs.
It's like it's all
over the place now.
And I see that-- that is a
really important kind of--
put a check beside that one
because that's certainly
happening.
>> Well, other than encouraging
people to pick up this book,
which is-- like I said to
begin with, this is stunning.
Congratulations on the amount
of effort you put into this.
>> Thank you.
>> It's beautiful.
>> And I make take mine
and start cutting it up.
Sorry.
>> I hope you do.
>> And see about it reflecting
on some of those images myself.
Other than this, any
final words you'd
like to share with people?
>> Just as I said earlier,
this is the time of truth.
And as much as possible,
speak truth, OK?
At least this way I look at it--
I think that the center
of the galaxy, based
on the study I did
and the research I
did for "The Secret
of Sion," I think
that's where the throne
of God is located.
And so here are the
Mayans telling us
we are in this rare
and special time,
experiencing this alignment
with the center of the galaxy.
So if you think of yourself
as standing, right now,
before the throne of God and
everybody you talk to you
is a manifestation of God,
how are you going to behave,
when you're standing before God?
Are you going to lie?
Are you going to be playing
tricks, and games, and all
of this?
I don't think so.
And that, I think, is what
I encourage people to do.
Look in everybody's
eyes, and see
that everybody is an expression
or a manifestation of God,
and how are you going
to behave when you're
in front of the face of God?
That's how we need to
be living at this time.
>> And maybe we need to send a
couple of copies to Wall Street
and Capitol Hill.
>> Yeah.
>> Thank you so much, William.
>> Oh, thank you very much.
>> Pleasure, as always.
>> And thank you,
everybody, for listening.
>> To read the book
"The Light of Sion"
or gaze upon these
artistic works,
you have several options.
You can go to williamhenry.net
and find all versions,
from the full color book
form, to e-book, to DVD.
It's a fascinating book and
only personal experience
with the imagery will tell
you the rest of the story.
Until next time, thanks
for watching CMN.
[MUSIC PLAYING]